# Privacy Policy for eikekarbe.com
Last Updated: February 26, 2026

Welcome to eikekarbe.com. This Privacy Policy outlines how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit this website.

1. What Information We Collect
When you visit eikekarbe.com, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or posts that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site.

2. Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google LLC ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies"—text files placed on your computer—to help analyze how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on their servers. We use this information to evaluate visitor traffic, compile reports on website activity, and improve the content of our blog.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

3. How to Opt-Out
If you do not want your data to be collected by Google Analytics, you can:

- Disable Cookies: You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

- Use the Opt-Out Browser Add-on: You can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the [Google Privacy & Terms web page](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

4. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons.

5. Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, or if you have questions, please contact us by e-mail at eike [at] eikekarbe.com.